Create ui-c8y-1021-21-0-as-a-developer-i-want-to-migrate-data-points-table-widget.md (#2709)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-21-0-as-a-developer-i-want-to-migrate-data-points-table-widget.md

---
date: ""

> title: Migrated Data points table widget to Angular

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Enhanced Data points table widget
```

> title: As a developer i want to migrate data points table widget to the angular (#6391) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7745)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Migrated Data points table widget to Angular
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-58987
version: 1021.21.0
---

> As a developer i want to migrate data points table widget to the angular (#6391) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7745)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
As part of the ongoing modernization efforts to migrate the UI to Angular, the data points table widget has now been migrated from the old technology to Angular. This change improves the performance, maintainability and consistency of the widget with the rest of the application. The functionality and behavior of the data points table widget remains the same, so there should be no impact on end users.
```

Reviewer 2: Instead `old technology` I would write `AngularJS`, but it's a minor improvements of claude's suggestion:
```suggestion
As part of the ongoing modernization efforts to migrate the UI to Angular, the data points table widget has now been migrated from the AngularJS to Angular. This change improves the performance, maintainability and consistency of the widget with the rest of the application. The functionality and behavior of the data points table widget remains the same, so there should be no impact on end users.
```

> As part of the ongoing modernization efforts to migrate the UI to Angular, the "Data points table" widget has now been migrated from AngularJS to Angular. This change improves the performance, maintainability and consistency of the widget with the rest of the application. The functionality and behavior of the "Data points table" widget remains the same, so there is no impact on users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the ongoing modernization efforts to migrate the UI to Angular, the "Data points table" widget has now been migrated from AngularJS to Angular. This change improves the performance, maintainability and consistency of the widget with the rest of the application. The widget now offers enhanced features including:

- Configurable decimal place precision for data point visualization
- Data export capabilities to CSV/XLSX formats
- Improved responsiveness across different screen sizes and devices
- Auto-refresh based on configurable interval

All existing functionality remains unchanged, ensuring a seamless transition for current users.
```

> As part of the ongoing modernization efforts to migrate the UI to Angular, the data points table widget has now been migrated from the AngularJS to Angular. This change improves the performance, maintainability and consistency of the widget with the rest of the application. The functionality and behavior of the data points table widget remains the same, so there should be no impact on end users.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As part of the ongoing modernization efforts to migrate the UI to Angular, the "Data points table" widget has now been migrated from AngularJS to Angular. This change improves the performance, maintainability and consistency of the widget with the rest of the application. The functionality and behavior of the "Data points table" widget remains the same, so there is no impact on users.
```

---
date: ""
title: Enhanced Data points table widget
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-58987
version: 1021.21.0
---
As part of the ongoing modernization efforts to migrate the UI to Angular, the "Data points table" widget has now been migrated from AngularJS to Angular. This change improves the performance, maintainability and consistency of the widget with the rest of the application. The widget now offers enhanced features including:

- Configurable decimal place precision for data point visualization

> - Data export capabilities to CSV/XLSX formats

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Integration is not yet merged: https://cumulocity.atlassian.net/browse/MTM-59872
